Welcome back after a long long break we're finally going to add some exciting features to our smart
brain app.
And by the way while you've been away I've managed to fool our clarify API.
Apparently it can recognize upside down faces.
But anyway let's go back to Mark now we have our content up.
That is the smart brain.
That is a react up and it's running on localhost three thousand one so port three thousand one.
And then we also have our smart brain API which we've been working on.
And actually we've described it it now has a dog or fall with dock or compose and does all these amazing
things for us instead of us having to worry about databases and setting up everything.
We now have this doc riced back and API with some data.
And then here I've simplified things and just made a user with e-mail a com with password.
A This is a hash password of using B crypt that if compared with the letter A is going to match.
Now since we have our developer environment set up and let me clear this we now have the ability to
do some really good quality work and implement sessions because ideally if we go back to our server
dodgiest file in our endpoints over here well let's make this a little bit more smaller so we can see
up until now we've kind of had this free access to sign in and register profile ID for example nobody
is checking these.
If for example this profile ID somebody did a get request from anywhere in the world they'll have access
to this because we're not really asking for a username or password at this point.
I mean we are for the seinen but anybody can log on to here.
Ideally we have something in here that says we need to require auth because the way that express works
just like core's embody parser and Morgan work their middleware they intercept whatever requests response
we receive.
They do some work around and does something and then they keep pushing it out to the end of the cycle.
In our case for profile ID is to handle profile get but wouldn't it be nice to have something like require
off and for every end point that we need authentication the user has to actually have permission to
access the set point.
We can just implement here and that's where we're going to do over the next couple of videos.
We're going to use JWT read us and all those things that we've learned together to finally make an app
that actually functions like apps we see in our day to day lives.
And the cool part about it is by the end of this you'll have a app like the smartphone app.
They can always mimic copy and modify based on your needs but you'll have your sign in log in functionality.
You'll have a sign in page resume your search page already set up and you already have a server and
doctor read us or read us database all set up.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
And by the end of it we're going to have a great tool for us to put into our portfolio or use for any
of our future projects.
Now the very first thing we're going to do is I'm going to remove whatever I just wrote because we don't
have that yet.
We want to make sure that we can run our bacot.
So again we're going to run our Dr.
compose up with dash dash build just to make sure that might see data my databases get created.
And while that's running I'm going to go back.
We see that the front end is already running and everything should be working fine.
Just to test everything out once every thing is running which it is we have app is running on port 3
0 0 0 0.
Let's refresh over here.
If I sign in with a at a dot com OK which is the C data we provided we're able to log in.
And once again we can just enter a picture and it will work for us.
But again our problem is that every time we refresh what we have to sign.
That's a little bit annoying if you're a user isn't it.
All right.
And the next video we're going to start building out a profile page because in order for us to build
sessions and do the require Auth. that we were talking about we need to have some sort of a meaningful
reason to do this.
So we're going to create a profile page where you'll be able to actually edit your name maybe some form
fields about your profile so that we make our up a little bit more dynamic.
And then we're going to add sessions to that see in the next one.
Babai.